So
You have always liked your sister.
Then why did you agree to my marriage?
I thought you were marrying me
At least there are elders who like it.
Because it's just a dying wish
I hope you are happy.
So
You and Song Yawei are real too
Because he looks like his sister
He knows better than you how to be a good substitute for someone
body
If you can't accept it
Then we divorce
Wings, what happened to you and Han Chuan?
It's okay mom
I want to see my sister
It's no problem if you want to see it
Mom knows that Zhichun's death has nothing to do with you
But are you really ready?
My sister's death and me
Wings, I just want you to live well
Sister is to protect me
Awing
Wing, what's wrong with you, Wing?
Sorry, sorry.
Why didn't Xu Zhiyi die in the first place?
Why didn't you die in the first place?
Wings of Wings
You're finally awake.
Do you remember who I am?